# Excel Practice Portfolio
Welcome to my GitHub repository showcasing my proficiency in Excel

## Superstore Sales
In this practical challenge i have answered the 5 following questions:
* What is the total revenue generated by the store?
* Which category of products contributes the most to sales?
* How has the sales trend been for the past year?
* Which region has the highest sales and which one has the lowest?
* What is the average profit margin of the store?

## Boston Housing
In this practical challenge i have answered the 4 following questions:
* What is the correlation between the number of rooms and the median value of owner-occupied homes?
* Which variable has the highest correlation with the median value of owner-occupied homes?
* What is the average age of the homes?
* What is the distribution of the pupil-teacher ratio by town?

Some of the variables in the dataset include:
* CRIM - Per capita crime rate by town.
* ZN - The proportion of residential land zoned for lots over 25,000 sq.ft.
* INDUS - The proportion of non-retail business acres per town.
* CHAS - Charles River dummy variable (= 1 if tract bounds river; 0 otherwise).
* NOX - The nitric oxide concentration (parts per 10 million).
* RM - The average number of rooms per dwelling.
* AGE - The proportion of owner-occupied units built prior to 1940.
* DIS - The weighted distances to five Boston employment centres.
* RAD - The Index of accessibility to radial highways.
* TAX - The full-value property-tax rate per $10,000.
* PTRATIO - The pupil-teacher ratio by town.
* B - 1000(Bk - 0.63)^2 where -Bk is the proportion of blacks by town.
* LSTAT - The percentage lower status of the population.
* MEDV - The median value of owner-occupied homes in $1000's.

